---
sidebar_position: 2
id: for_8_9R
title: For OnePlus 8/8 Pro & 8T/9R
---

## Prerequisites:

:::danger
Required firmware for OOS13 based builds:

8T: F13 or newer  
9R: F19 or newer

**DO NOT SKIP THIS!** 
 
If you are going to dirty flash from OOS12 based build, you need to update your firmware first. Wishmasterflo has made a [firmware flasher](https://github.com/Wishmasterflo/Firmware_flasher) that checks the RAM type for you and flashes the firmware to both slots. You can download the firmwares from here:

[8T firmwares](https://mega.nz/folder/W7JhwTAT#Yu6cxqvJcAC28cy0m_kkQA/folder/arpUDS5T)  
[9R firmwares](https://mega.nz/folder/W7JhwTAT#Yu6cxqvJcAC28cy0m_kkQA/folder/eq40VC5K)

:::

:::danger
  For OOS12 based build the required firmware is C.33-C.36 **IN BOTH SLOTS!** DO NOT SKIP THIS!
:::

:::note
8 / 8 Pro users can dirty flash from OOS12 to OOS13. The required firmware is included in the ROM.
:::
- Working brains, common sense, lots of coffee
- Latest [platform-tools](https://dl.google.com/android/repository/platform-tools-latest-windows.zip)
- [Google USB driver](https://dl.google.com/android/repository/latest_usb_driver_windows.zip)
- Developer options enabled: Settings -> About phone -> Tap Build number at the bottom seven (7) times
- ADB enabled: Settings -> System -> Developer options -> USB debugging
- Required images: boot.img, vbmeta.img, vbmeta_system.img and recovery.img (put these in the same folder with platform-tools)
- Get images from sourceforge
- ROM zip (put it in the same folder with platform-tools)
- Unlocked bootloader

  :::note
  If you are currently on OOS11 it's better to unlock bootloader before updating to OOS12. For unknown reason some devices cannot be unlocked in OOS12.
  :::

1. Reboot your phone to fastboot mode
2. Open cmd and go to the folder where platform tools are **(DO NOT USE POWERSHELL!)**
3. Enter following commands by copypasting one by one:
   
    ```js
    fastboot flash boot boot.img
    ```
    ```js
    fastboot flash --disable-verity --disable-verification vbmeta vbmeta.img
    ```
    ```js
    fastboot flash --disable-verity --disable-verification vbmeta_system vbmeta_system.img
    ```
    ```js
    fastboot flash recovery recovery.img
    ```
4. Reboot your phone to recovery mode, click "Install update" -> "ADB Sideload"
5. In cmd enter command: 
   ```js
   adb sideload Nameless-AOSP_xxx.zip
   ```
6. Wait until your device shows Step 2/2 and back arrow appears. Click back arrow, then click "Factory reset" -> "Format data/factory reset" -> "Format data"
:::info
Progress on your pc will stop at around 47%. It is normal behaviour.
Click back arrow in recovery, then click "Reboot to system"
:::
